CDS-78285 kustomize no custom remote manifest support (#3172)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kustomize/kustomize-quickstart.md

Harness supports [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/) kustomizations in your Kubernetes deployments. You can use overlays, multibase, plugins, sealed secrets, etc, just as you would in any native kustomization.

> This Kustomize overview will describe how to deploy multiple variants of a simple public Hello World server using a [rolling update strategy](../kubernetes/kubernetes-executions/create-a-kubernetes-rolling-deployment) in Harness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Kustomize overview describes how to deploy multiple variants of a simple public Hello World server using a [rolling update strategy](../kubernetes/kubernetes-executions/create-a-kubernetes-rolling-deployment) in Harness.
```

<docvideo src="https://harness-1.wistia.com/medias/j920372crr" />

## Set up your Kubernetes cluster for Kustomize

You'll need a target Kubernetes cluster for the Harness Delegate and deployment. For example, here are some basic cluster requirements:

* **Number of nodes:** 2.
* **vCPUs, Memory, Disk Size:** 4vCPUs, 16GB memory, 100GB disk. In GKE, the **e2-standard-4** machine type is enough for this quickstart.
* **Networking:** outbound HTTPS for the Harness connection to **app.harness.io**, **github.com**, and **hub.docker.com**. Allow TCP port 22 for SSH.
* A **Kubernetes service account** with permission to create entities in the target namespace is required. The set of permissions should include `list`, `get`, `create`, and `delete` permissions. In general, the cluster-admin permission or namespace admin permission is enough.  
For more information, see [User-Facing Roles](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#user-facing-roles) from Kubernetes.

## Create the deploy stage for Kustomize

Pipelines are collections of stages. For this topic, we'll create a new pipeline and add a single stage.

:::note

> **Create a Project for your new CD Pipeline:** if you don't already have a Harness project, create a project for your new CD pipeline. Ensure that you add the **Continuous Delivery** module to the project. See [Create Organizations and Projects](/docs/platform/organizations-and-projects/create-an-organization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create a Project for your new CD Pipeline:** if you don't already have a Harness project, create a project for your new CD pipeline. Ensure that you add the **Continuous Delivery** module to the project. For more information, go to [Create Organizations and Projects](/docs/platform/organizations-and-projects/create-an-organization).
```
